AFFENPINSCHER
Affenpinschers have a lively and affectionate temperament, characterized by their confident and curious nature. As a pet parent, you can expect them to be playful, charming, and sometimes a bit mischievous, making them entertaining companions.

They have a moderate energy level and enjoy playtime and short walks through the neighborhood, but they don’t need lots of high-intensity exercise. And because they’re smart dogs, Affenpinschers need mental stimulation so they don’t become bored.
Affenpinscher Behavior
Affenpinschers can be great family dogs for pet parents with children, but kids need to be taught how to interact with dogs appropriately. The Affenpinscher is so small that rowdy playtime with kids might cause an accidental injury, so make sure all dog-child interactions are supervised. 

While they are generally not overly anxious or fearful, some Affenpinscher dogs may show anxiety in unfamiliar situations if not properly socialized. This breed tends to be vocal and barks frequently to alert you of changes in their environment, but excessive barking can be managed with training.

Affenpinscher Training
While Affenpinschers are clever dogs, they can also be independent-minded thanks to their rat-hunter origins. This means pet parents need patience during training sessions. Be consistent and use positive reinforcement methods, like treats and praise.

Early socialization is crucial for Affenpinscher puppies, as it is for all breeds. Begin exposing your pup to new situations and stimuli as soon as you bring them home. This will help them grow into confident companions.


AFGHAN HOUND
Among the most eye-catching of all dog breeds, the Afghan Hound is an aloof and dignified aristocrat of sublime beauty. Despite his regal appearance, the Afghan can exhibit an endearing streak of silliness and a profound loyalty.

Since ancient times, Afghan Hounds have been famous for their elegant beauty. But the thick, silky, flowing coat that is the breed's crowning glory isn't just for show ' it served as protection from the harsh climate in mountainous regions where Afghans originally earned their keep. Beneath the Afghan's glamorous exterior is a powerful, agile hound ' standing as high as 27 inches at the shoulder ' built for a long day's hunt. Their huge paw-pads acted as shock absorbers on their homeland's punishing terrain.  The Afghan Hound is a special breed for special people. A breed expert writes, 'It's not the breed for all would-be dog owners, but where the dog and owner combination is right, no animal can equal the Afghan Hound as a pet.'
The Afghan Hound is a sight hound with sharp eyesight and quick feet, which makes these dogs excellent at hunting small game and well-suited for modern dog sports like lure coursing.

“They originated in Afghanistan and were bred to be an independent hunter, which explains their independent nature,” says Sandra Frei, a board member of the Afghan Hound Club of America (AHCA), American Kennel Club judge, and longtime Afghan Hound breeder.


AIREDALE TERRIER
His size, strength, and unflagging spirit have earned the Airedale Terrier the nickname 'The King of Terriers.' The Airedale stands among the world's most versatile dog breeds and has distinguished himself as hunter, athlete, and companion.

The Airedale Terrier is the largest of all terrier breeds. Males stand about 23 inches at the shoulder, females a little less. The dense, wiry coat is tan with black markings. Long, muscular legs give Airedales a regal lift in their bearing, and the long head'with its sporty beard and mustache, dark eyes, and neatly folded ears'conveys a keen intelligence. Airedales are the very picture of an alert and willing terrier'only bigger. And, like his smaller cousins in the terrier family, he can be bold, determined, and stubborn. Airedales are docile and patient with kids but won't back down when protecting hearth and home. Thanks to their famous do-it-all attitude, Airedales excel in all kinds of sports and family activities.


